docs/scischolarcraft.md, before:

---
icon: material/layers-search
description: to start using the scischolarcraft feature
---

## **Getting Started**

To start using __ES/IODE's SciScholarCraft feature__, enter as complete and relevant a sentence as possible about your scientific research objective into the search bar in the center of the page.

![search bar](assets/searchbar.png)

SciScholarCraft will analyze your research objective and suggest several generation actions.

Sign up for a free account to enjoy advanced features.

__ES/IODE__ is here to assist you in your quest for scientific knowledge. 

Feel free to contact us if you have any questions or comments. 

Happy searching! :rocket:

## **Generation of hypotheses**

For the "Generation of hypotheses" function, you must first enter a research objective in the search bar and obtain the result of the SciScholarCraft analysis.

Then you will have access to the following section, under analysis :

![tasks section](assets/tasks-section.png)

Next, click on the "Generation of hypotheses" button, the action of the generations will begin.

## **Selection of scientific studies**

For the "Selection of scientific studies" function, you must first enter a research objective in the search bar and obtain the result of the SciScholarCraft analysis.

Then you will have access to the following section, under analysis :

![tasks section](assets/tasks-section.png)

Next, click on the "Selection of scientific studies" button, the action of the generations will begin.

## **Generating Writing Plan**

For the "Generating Writing Plan" function, you must first enter a research objective in the search bar and obtain the result of the SciScholarCraft analysis.

Then you will have access to the following section, under analysis :

![tasks section](assets/tasks-section.png)

Next, click on the "Generating Writing Plan" button, the action of the generations will begin.

## **Quick access sidebar**

!!! info
    The quick access sidebar is available from version 3.2 of ES/IODE, it is available on devices with more than **800px** resolution width, such as tablets, desktop and certain mobile held in landscape mode.

The bar appears following the generation of the analysis of the SciScholarCraft objective or directly after opening an existing project.

It corresponds to the visual below:

![quickaccess sidebar](assets/quickaccess-sidebar.png)

It is located to the left of the generations sections.

## **Research project selection**

!!! warning "login required"

    **This feature is only accessible if you are logged in with an account (created on our platform)**

2 possibilities are available to you:

- Click on the :fontawesome-solid-dna: icon under the search bar

- Or, click on the :fontawesome-solid-folder-open: icon in the quick access sidebar

you will then be able to view the list of your projects (if you have already saved any).

## **Save your project**

!!! warning "login required"

    **This feature is only accessible if you are logged in with an account (created on our platform)**

!!! info

    In SciScholarCraft you can save up to 10 projects.

2 possibilities are available to you:

- Click on the button :fontawesome-solid-cloud-arrow-up: Save,  under the generations sections

- Alternatively, click on the :fontawesome-solid-cloud-arrow-up: icon in the quick access sidebar

A notification will confirm if the project has been saved.



## **Delete your project**

!!! warning "login required"

    **This feature is only accessible if you are logged in with an account (created on our platform)**

2 possibilities are available to you:

1.  Click on the :fontawesome-solid-dna: icon under the search bar, 
    1. The **Research project selection** menu will appear. Next, click on the button ![selection button](assets/selection-button.png) on the line of the project you want to delete.
    2. The Action menu will appear; then, click on the button ![delete button](assets/delete-button.png).


2. Alternatively, Click on the :fontawesome-solid-cloud-arrow-up: icon in the quick access sidebar,
    1. The **Research project selection** menu will appear, then click on the button ![selection button](assets/selection-button.png) on the line of the project you want to delete.
    2. The Action menu will appear, then click on the button ![delete button](assets/delete-button.png).

A notification will confirm if the project has been deleted.

## **Open your project**

!!! warning "login required"

    **This feature is only accessible if you are logged in with an account (created on our platform)**

2 possibilities are available to you:

1.  Click on the :fontawesome-solid-dna: icon under the search bar, 
    1. The **Research project selection** menu will appear. Next, click on the button ![selection button](assets/selection-button.png) on the line of the project you want to delete.
    2. The Action menu will appear; then, click on the button ![open button](assets/open-button.png).


2. Alternatively, Click on the :fontawesome-solid-cloud-arrow-up: icon in the quick access sidebar,
    1. The **Research project selection** menu will appear, then click on the button ![selection button](assets/selection-button.png) on the line of the project you want to open.
    2. The Action menu will appear, then click on the button ![open button](assets/open-button.png).

## **New project**

!!! warning "login required"

    **This feature is only accessible if you are logged in with an account (created on our platform)**


Click on the :fontawesome-solid-plus: icon in the quick access sidebar.

Commit message:

Added Copy and export to word features

docs/scischolarcraft.md, after:

---
icon: material/layers-search
description: to start using the scischolarcraft feature
---

## **Getting Started**

To start using __ES/IODE's SciScholarCraft feature__, enter as complete and relevant a sentence as possible about your scientific research objective into the search bar in the center of the page.

![search bar](assets/searchbar.png)

SciScholarCraft will analyze your research objective and suggest several generation actions.

Sign up for a free account to enjoy advanced features.

__ES/IODE__ is here to assist you in your quest for scientific knowledge. 

Feel free to contact us if you have any questions or comments. 

Happy searching! :rocket:

## **Generation of hypotheses**

For the "Generation of hypotheses" function, you must first enter a research objective in the search bar and obtain the result of the SciScholarCraft analysis.

Then you will have access to the following section, under analysis :

![tasks section](assets/tasks-section.png)

Next, click on the "Generation of hypotheses" button, the action of the generations will begin.

### **Copy Generation of hypotheses to the clipboard**

In hypotheses section, click on the :fontawesome-solid-copy: icon located at the top right.

## **Selection of scientific studies**

For the "Selection of scientific studies" function, you must first enter a research objective in the search bar and obtain the result of the SciScholarCraft analysis.

Then you will have access to the following section, under analysis :

![tasks section](assets/tasks-section.png)

Next, click on the "Selection of scientific studies" button, the action of the generations will begin.

### **Copy scientific studies to the clipboard**

In scientific studies section, click on the :fontawesome-solid-copy: icon located at the top right.

## **Generating Writing Plan**

For the "Generating Writing Plan" function, you must first enter a research objective in the search bar and obtain the result of the SciScholarCraft analysis.

Then you will have access to the following section, under analysis :

![tasks section](assets/tasks-section.png)

Next, click on the "Generating Writing Plan" button, the action of the generations will begin.

### **Export Generating Writing Plan to Word**

In Writing plan section, click on the :fontawesome-solid-file-export: icon located at the top right.

### **Copy Generating Writing Plan to the clipboard**

In Writing plan section, click on the :fontawesome-solid-copy: icon located at the top right.

## **Quick access sidebar**

!!! info
    The quick access sidebar is available from version 3.2 of ES/IODE, it is available on devices with more than **800px** resolution width, such as tablets, desktop and certain mobile held in landscape mode.

The bar appears following the generation of the analysis of the SciScholarCraft objective or directly after opening an existing project.

It corresponds to the visual below:

![quickaccess sidebar](assets/quickaccess-sidebar.png)

It is located to the left of the generations sections.

## **Research project selection**

!!! warning "login required"

    **This feature is only accessible if you are logged in with an account (created on our platform)**

2 possibilities are available to you:

- Click on the :fontawesome-solid-dna: icon under the search bar

- Or, click on the :fontawesome-solid-folder-open: icon in the quick access sidebar

you will then be able to view the list of your projects (if you have already saved any).

## **Save your project**

!!! warning "login required"

    **This feature is only accessible if you are logged in with an account (created on our platform)**

!!! info

    In SciScholarCraft you can save up to 10 projects.

2 possibilities are available to you:

- Click on the button :fontawesome-solid-cloud-arrow-up: Save,  under the generations sections

- Alternatively, click on the :fontawesome-solid-cloud-arrow-up: icon in the quick access sidebar

A notification will confirm if the project has been saved.



## **Delete your project**

!!! warning "login required"

    **This feature is only accessible if you are logged in with an account (created on our platform)**

2 possibilities are available to you:

1.  Click on the :fontawesome-solid-dna: icon under the search bar, 
    1. The **Research project selection** menu will appear. Next, click on the button ![selection button](assets/selection-button.png) on the line of the project you want to delete.
    2. The Action menu will appear; then, click on the button ![delete button](assets/delete-button.png).


2. Alternatively, Click on the :fontawesome-solid-cloud-arrow-up: icon in the quick access sidebar,
    1. The **Research project selection** menu will appear, then click on the button ![selection button](assets/selection-button.png) on the line of the project you want to delete.
    2. The Action menu will appear, then click on the button ![delete button](assets/delete-button.png).

A notification will confirm if the project has been deleted.

## **Open your project**

!!! warning "login required"

    **This feature is only accessible if you are logged in with an account (created on our platform)**

2 possibilities are available to you:

1.  Click on the :fontawesome-solid-dna: icon under the search bar, 
    1. The **Research project selection** menu will appear. Next, click on the button ![selection button](assets/selection-button.png) on the line of the project you want to delete.
    2. The Action menu will appear; then, click on the button ![open button](assets/open-button.png).


2. Alternatively, Click on the :fontawesome-solid-cloud-arrow-up: icon in the quick access sidebar,
    1. The **Research project selection** menu will appear, then click on the button ![selection button](assets/selection-button.png) on the line of the project you want to open.
    2. The Action menu will appear, then click on the button ![open button](assets/open-button.png).

## **New project**

!!! warning "login required"

    **This feature is only accessible if you are logged in with an account (created on our platform)**


Click on the :fontawesome-solid-plus: icon in the quick access sidebar.
